
Folder paths, entered with no trailing slash - e.g:

Windows:
C:\Users\HaveAGitGat\Desktop\Input

Linux:
/home/HaveAGitGat/Desktop/Input

If monitoring multiple folders, you need to specify a temporary folder (if option checked) and destination folder for each source folder. 
Each folder entry must be on a new line. If 'Standard preset' is selected, then all source folders will be converted with the
selected standard preset. If 'Custom preset is selected', then you must enter a preset for each source folder. Each preset must be
on a new line. See the following image for guidance:

https://imgur.com/a/2tl8dIw

For example, if you're wanting to use two standard presets for two different folders, you should put the following in the custom preset box:

-Z "Very Fast 1080p30"
-Z "Very Fast 480p30"



Standard preset:
Select one of the standard Handbrake presets

Custom preset:
Write custom presets or link to a json preset exported from Handbrake. For example:
-e x264 -q 20 -B 160
or
--preset-import-file "C:\Users\HaveAGitGat\Desktop\testpreset.json" -Z "My Preset"

Container:
Select the output file container type.

Enable periodic scanning:
Select this to automatically scan and convert files at a set interval (default 300 seconds). 
Scan interval can be modified in the advanced settings section.

Delete source files after conversion:
If checked, source files will be deleted once the queue has completed.

Valid file types:
File types which the program will scan for.
Separate with comma (e.g. iso,wmv, )
Default:mp4,mkv,mov,m4v,mpg,mpeg,avi,flv,webm,wmv,vob,evo,mts,m2ts,ts,iso,

Number of simulataneous Handbrake instances:
Set how many Handbrake simulatatnoues conversions to carry out (1-4). Default:4

Custom bat path to run after each conversion (Windows):
Input a bat file path to run after each file has finished being converted. 
Bat files with timeout statements won't work (more on this here https://comm.support.ca.com/kb/the-timeout-command-in-batch-script-job-results-in-error-input-redirection-is-not-supported-exiting-the-process-immediately/kb000029524)
Leave box completely empty if you do not wish to use this option (make sure there are no hidden characters in the box).

Save config:
Save current configuration

Scan only:
Scan for files to be converted given current configuration. 
No files will be converted. Pressing this will only run it once (regardless of whether 'periodic scanning' is checked.

Scan and convert:
Scan for files and convert any valid ones. 
If 'periodic scanning' is checked, then the program will scan and convert repeatedly at the specified interval.

View scan/conversion summary log:
Show historic scan/conversion information

View individual file conversion log:


Total number of media files found:
Number of valid files found based on valid file types option.

Number of unconverted media files found:
Files which don't exist in the destination folder structure when compared to the source folder structure.


If an item in the queue comes out with "Error", this means that the HandbrakeCLI had trouble converting the 
file, most likely due to it being corrupt/partially corrupt. Else it may be a file type which Handbrake does
not support. Try converting the file normally in Handbrake to see what error it throws.




